jobs: added two notes for cv (#190)
civicrm/civicrm-sysadmin-guide: docs/setup/jobs.md

> cv api job.execute --user=admin --cwd=/var/www/example.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/usr/local/bin/cv api job.execute --user=admin --cwd=/var/www/example.org
```

We should fix the example command as well as the notes on this - and use the CV install path used in the docs for CV.

Author: The cv path is is not needed when you're using cv manually or if the php binary always has "cli" PHP_SAPI (I guess if php-cli is present and used). So I think it would needlessly obfuscate the instruction. cv can be installed anywhere, since it's a self-contained phar and that particular location requires root access, which is not a given.

```

Notes:

> * If `cv` only works when you run it from a shell and not from cron ("cv is a command-line tool"), invoke it by manually calling it with an absolute path to php, eg. `/usr/local/bin/php ~/bin/cv api job.execute --user=admin --cwd=/var/www/example.org`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
* If `cv` only works when you run it from a shell and not from cron you may need to invoke it by calling it with an absolute path to php and to CV. 
```example
`/usr/local/bin/php /usr/local/bin/cv api job.execute --user=admin --cwd=/var/www/example.org`
```
````

Reviewer: Edit - used example paths rather than "real world" paths.

cv api job.execute --user=admin --cwd=/var/www/example.org
```

Notes:

* If `cv` only works when you run it from a shell and not from cron you may need to invoke it by calling it with an absolute path to php and to CV. 

> ```example

Author: ```suggestion

```example
```

Reviewer: Looks good!

cv api job.execute --user=admin --cwd=/var/www/example.org
```

Notes:

* If `cv` only works when you run it from a shell and not from cron you may need to invoke it by calling it with an absolute path to php and to CV. 

```example

> `/full/path/to/php /full/path/to/cv api job.execute --user=admin --cwd=/var/www/example.org`

Author: ```suggestion
/full/path/to/php /full/path/to/cv api job.execute --user=admin --cwd=/var/www/example.org
```
